👉 BEHAVIOUR DESIGN PATTERN
-----------------------------

These patterns focus on communication and the interaction between objects. They help objects cooperate by defining the flow of control and data in complex systems.

1️⃣ Chain of Responsibility:

    » Chain of Responsibility pattern will allow the request to handle through chains. 
    » Each chain (handlers) will decide to pass or reject the value to next chain.


Example:

    » Here we habe created 5 (1 main 4 inherit classes). Where the main class defines the how the value should be check and proceed for result (pass / reject).
    » Our example is about connecting to proper supportRequest team based on client request.

2️⃣ Command Pattern:

    » Command pattern is used to improve the decoupling of between sender and receiver through commands. After the command execute the other actions will be performed.
    » Command Pattern has 4 components: 
        Command()   -> A object encapsulate the request and have execute() method to perform.
        Invoker()   -> Call the command execute method whenever the action is needed.
        Receiver()  -> All logic will be implemented here
        Client      -> Create the invoker and command as objects.

Example:

    » I have created a simple appliances on / off method in receiver. From client code I have created the objects for both commands and invoker.

2️⃣ Iterator Pattern:

    » Iterator Pattern is used to provide a way to access the elements of a collection sequentially without exposing its underlying representation (like an array or list). This pattern helps in decoupling the traversal logic from the collection structure, allowing for a more flexible and manageable way to iterate over different types of collections.
    » Iterator Pattern has 3 main components:
        Iterator: This interface defines the methods for accessing and traversing the elements in a collection, typically including methods like hasNext() and next().
        Concrete Iterator: This class implements the Iterator interface and maintains the current position in the iteration over the collection.
        Aggregate: This interface defines a method for creating an iterator. It may also have methods to manage the collection (like adding or removing items)  provides a concrete implementation of the collection, allowing an iterator to traverse its items.

3️⃣ Mediator Pattern:

    » This pattern reduces confusion between objects. Restricts direct communication between objects and communicate through mediator object.

Example:
    » Create a small chatting program, where added group `RoomChat` and added methods to register & send.
    » All transcation will be passes through mediator object and send and display those message to others.